README.md, before:

# discordctl

**WARNING: This project was generated entirely as vibe code to evaluate the current state of code generation tools. Use with caution and review thoroughly before production use.**

A Go wrapper for the Discord Game SDK, providing idiomatic Go APIs for Discord integration in games and applications.

## Features
- Go bindings for Discord Game SDK
- Idiomatic Go API layered over C bindings
- Example projects for common Discord features

## Installation

```sh
go get github.com/yourusername/discordctl
```

## Usage
See the [examples](./examples/) directory for usage patterns and integration guides.

## Contributing
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## License
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

## Testing & Code Quality

Currently, this project only includes documentation examples and does not have automated tests. Contributions adding real test coverage are highly encouraged to improve code quality and reliability.

---

*This project is experimental and was generated as a test of code generation tools. Expect rough edges and review all code before use.*

Commit message:

ci(release): add semantic-release GitHub Actions workflow for automated v0.x.x releases
docs: document automated release process in README and update .gitignore

README.md, after:

# discordctl

**WARNING: This project was generated entirely as vibe code to evaluate the current state of code generation tools. Use with caution and review thoroughly before production use.**

A Go wrapper for the Discord Game SDK, providing idiomatic Go APIs for Discord integration in games and applications.

## Features
- Go bindings for Discord Game SDK
- Idiomatic Go API layered over C bindings
- Example projects for common Discord features

## Installation

```sh
go get github.com/yourusername/discordctl
```

## Usage
See the [examples](./examples/) directory for usage patterns and integration guides.

## Contributing
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## License
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

## Testing & Code Quality

Currently, this project only includes documentation examples and does not have automated tests. Contributions adding real test coverage are highly encouraged to improve code quality and reliability.

## Automated Releases

This project uses [semantic-release](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/) with GitHub Actions to automatically create v0.x.x tags and GitHub releases based on commit messages. See `.github/workflows/release.yml` for details.

---

*This project is experimental and was generated as a test of code generation tools. Expect rough edges and review all code before use.*
